0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

## Shell, I/O Redirections and Filters
This directory contains files that test and showcase my understanding of shell input and output redirctions and filters. These are executable scripts that do the following;
- __0-hello_world__: Prints __Hello World__ followed by a new line.
- __1-confused_smiley__: Display the confused smiley __"(Ôo)'__.
- __2-hellofile__: Display the content of __/etc/passwd__.
- __3-twofiles__: Display two files __/etc/passwd__ and __/etc/hosts__.
- __4-lastlines__: Display the last 10 lines of the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __5-firstlines__: Display the first 10 lines of __/etc/passwd__.
- __6-third_line__: Display the third line of the file __iacta__.
- __7-file__: Create a file named \*\\'"Holberton School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:), that contains the text __Holberton School__.
- __8-cwd_state__: Writes into the file __ls_cwd_content__ the result of the command __ls -la__.
- __9-duplicate_last_line__: Duplicate the last line of the file __iacta__.
- __10-no_more_js__: Delete all the regular files (not the directories) with a __.js__ extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.
- __11-directories__: Count the number of directories and subdirectories in the the current directory, excluding the current and parent directory.
- __12-newest_files__: Display 10 newest files in the current directory.
- __13-unique__: Takes a __list__ of words as input and only print words that appear at least once.
- __14-findthatword__: Display lines containing the pattern __root__ from the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __15-countthatword__: Display the number of lines that contain the pattern __bin__ in the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __16-whatsnext__: Display lines containing the pattern __root__ and 3 lines after them in the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __17-hidethisword__: Display all the lines in the file __/etc/passwd__ that do not contain the pattern __bin__.
- __18-letteronly__: Display all lines of the file __/etc/ssh/sshd_config__ starting with a letter, include capital letters.
- __19-AZ__: Replace all characters __A__ and __c__ from input to __Z__ and __e__ respectively.
- __20-hiago__:  Remove all letters __c__ and __C__ from input.
- __21-reverse__: Reverses its input.

Commit message:

update README and commit 22-users_and_homes

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

## Shell, I/O Redirections and Filters
This directory contains files that test and showcase my understanding of shell input and output redirections and filters. These are executable scripts that do the following;
- __0-hello_world__: Prints __Hello World__ followed by a new line.
- __1-confused_smiley__: Display the confused smiley __"(Ôo)'__.
- __2-hellofile__: Display the content of __/etc/passwd__.
- __3-twofiles__: Display two files __/etc/passwd__ and __/etc/hosts__.
- __4-lastlines__: Display the last 10 lines of the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __5-firstlines__: Display the first 10 lines of __/etc/passwd__.
- __6-third_line__: Display the third line of the file __iacta__.
- __7-file__: Create a file named \*\\'"Holberton School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:), that contains the text __Holberton School__.
- __8-cwd_state__: Writes into the file __ls_cwd_content__ the result of the command __ls -la__.
- __9-duplicate_last_line__: Duplicate the last line of the file __iacta__.
- __10-no_more_js__: Delete all the regular files (not the directories) with a __.js__ extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.
- __11-directories__: Count the number of directories and subdirectories in the the current directory, excluding the current and parent directory.
- __12-newest_files__: Display 10 newest files in the current directory.
- __13-unique__: Takes a __list__ of words as input and only print words that appear at least once.
- __14-findthatword__: Display lines containing the pattern __root__ from the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __15-countthatword__: Display the number of lines that contain the pattern __bin__ in the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __16-whatsnext__: Display lines containing the pattern __root__ and 3 lines after them in the file __/etc/passwd__.
- __17-hidethisword__: Display all the lines in the file __/etc/passwd__ that do not contain the pattern __bin__.
- __18-letteronly__: Display all lines of the file __/etc/ssh/sshd_config__ starting with a letter, include capital letters.
- __19-AZ__: Replace all characters __A__ and __c__ from input to __Z__ and __e__ respectively.
- __20-hiago__:  Remove all letters __c__ and __C__ from input.
- __21-reverse__: Reverses its input.
- __22-users_and_homes__: Display all users and their home directories, sorted by users, based on the the __/etc/passwd__ file.
