0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

BBB## Shell Scripts
Each file in this directory is a script that executes different functions as listed below:
- 0-current_working_directory: Prints the current working directory.
- 1-listit: Displays the content list of the current directory.
- 2-bring_me_home: Changes the working directory to the user's home directory.
- 3-listfiles: Displays the content directory in long format.
- 4-listmorefiles: Display's all files including and starting with hidden files in long format
- 5-listfilesdigitonly: Display's user directory content including and starting with hidden files, in long format,with user and group IDs displayed numerically.
- 6-firstdirectory: Creates a directory "holberton" in the "/temp" directory.
- 7-movethatfile: Moves a file "betty" from one directory to another.
- 8-firstdelete: Deletes the file "betty" from its directory.
- 9-firstdirdeletion: Deletes the directory "holberton".
- 10-back: Change the working directory to the previous one. 
- 11-lists: lists in long format all files, including hidden files and files that begin with a period character in current, parent and boot directories.
- 12-file_type: Checks and prints the type of a file "iamafile" in the tmp directory.
- 13-symbolic_link: Creates asymbolic link to /bin/ls named __ls__.
- 14-copy_html: Copy all html files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that do not exist in the parent directory or that have newer versions.
- 15-lets_move: Moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory "/tmp/u".
- 16-clean_emacs: Deletes all files in the current working directory that ends with "~".
- 17-tree: Creates the directories "welcome/", "welcome/to/", "welcome/to/holberton".

Commit message:

updated README and corrected 18-commas

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

BBB## Shell Scripts
Each file in this directory is a script that executes different functions as listed below:
- 0-current_working_directory: Prints the current working directory.
- 1-listit: Displays the content list of the current directory.
- 2-bring_me_home: Changes the working directory to the user's home directory.
- 3-listfiles: Displays the content directory in long format.
- 4-listmorefiles: Display's all files including and starting with hidden files in long format
- 5-listfilesdigitonly: Display's user directory content including and starting with hidden files, in long format,with user and group IDs displayed numerically.
- 6-firstdirectory: Creates a directory "holberton" in the "/temp" directory.
- 7-movethatfile: Moves a file "betty" from one directory to another.
- 8-firstdelete: Deletes the file "betty" from its directory.
- 9-firstdirdeletion: Deletes the directory "holberton".
- 10-back: Change the working directory to the previous one. 
- 11-lists: lists in long format all files, including hidden files and files that begin with a period character in current, parent and boot directories.
- 12-file_type: Checks and prints the type of a file "iamafile" in the tmp directory.
- 13-symbolic_link: Creates asymbolic link to /bin/ls named __ls__.
- 14-copy_html: Copy all html files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that do not exist in the parent directory or that have newer versions.
- 15-lets_move: Moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory "/tmp/u".
- 16-clean_emacs: Delete all files in the current working directory that ends with "~".
- 17-tree: Create the directories "welcome/", "welcome/to/", "welcome/to/holberton".
- 18-commas: Lists all files and directories in the current working directory separated by, directories end with "/", files and directories begin with ".", listing should be alpha ordered except for directories "." and ".." which should be listed at the beginning, only digits and letters are used to sort and digits come first, listing should end with a new line, assuming all files have at least one letter and one digit.
